This inspirational thinker's work is high-concept in the best sense - formed by a central metaphor that is worked into the small details of the complete structure.
The travail of this social guru looks at the many small decisions and policies that create unintended consequences and blind spots in society.
This quick witted maverick is a prolific and often controversial commentator on contemporary culture.
Their theories have drawn criticism and prompted discussions, which, many analysts have pointed out, was the intent.
Sparkling with curiosity, undaunted by difficult research, this cultural heavyweight tackles topics from serial killers to steroids in sports.
Often referred to as an academic rockstar, their work examines the unconscious processes that allow the mind to "thin slice" reality, matrix style.
A philosophical virtuoso, their latest interests lie in questioning the inevitability of success; identifying the relation of success to nature versus nurture.
This lovable rogue promotes scepticism and nerdish curiosity with fire, wit, fast delivery and an endearing kind of exasperation.
A formidable force in the academic arena, their work draws purely on arm chair philosophy, refuting inductive reasoning as a dilution of the mental processes.
More than once described as a Nietzsche of the modern age, their work has deepened our comprehension of the world world in ways we are yet to understand.
This masterful illuminator blends cutting edge process with the flair and showmanship of Houdini.
This indefatigable iconoclast believes that complex systems from organisms to cities are governed by simple laws: laws that can be discovered and analyzed.
A modern day prometheus, this story hunter puts a light to the very darkest of western society's hidden corners.
Through urban jungles and corporate war zones, their most recent work uncovers humankind's quest for happiness in the modern metropolis.
Their optimistic approach is not an application of philosophy to life, but of life to philosophy; turning the building blocks of existence into a theory of happiness.
Their approach to work leaves many puzzling the sophisticated anthropomorphism of their recent projects, and others just puzzled.
The underlying narrative of discontent that weaves its way through their work shows not a pessimism, but an acute understanding of the human condition.
A corporate juggler, their life is spent in the fear of dropping one of the many balls thrown at them by superiors. If it happens, they're for the chop.
For such a young age, they hava already proved their merit in the field, with a voracious appetite for the discovery of the undiscoverable. 
An uncanny appreciation for the complexities of natural hierarchies has given their published work an advantage over the already established competition.
The spectacular variety of recent book cover designs leaves us in no doubt of the range and pedigree of their vast and mostly unread oeuvre.
A true entrepreneurial spirit, their many accomplishments displays not only real profit-driven acumen, but also an intuitive grasp of the corporate condition. 
Co-inspirator in a very successful start-up, they put their unprecedented success down to good old-fashioned hard work and the office juicing machine.
A forerunner to such modern day heroes as Steve Jobs and the Dalai Lama, their earliest work set the course for the future generation of movers and shakers. 
Their frequent tussles with the largest of corporations are well known. That has not stopped them from being one of the greatest propounders of corporate intervention.
Admitting to working on up to a dozen projects at a time, this prolific multitasker has only held back by their lack of extra arms. 
An social illuminator who, in the quest for the melancholic soul of his native city, has discovered new symbols for the clash and interlacing of cultures.
A revolutionary voice known for their cartography of structures of power and their trenchant images of the individual's resistance, revolt, and defeat.
A maverick of their own making, they emulate the jesters of the Middle Ages in scourging authority and upholding the dignity of the downtrodden.
Since completing work on the determination and development of polarography, they have progressed into the study of irreversible processes, and will not be turning back.
A pioneering analyst of the interdependence of social and institutional phenomena, they are now recognised as one of the most distinguished pragmatic voices of our time.
This steadfast diva has been making waves in the academic community; their many oddball schemes as divisive as they are ineffective.
Famed for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry, their work first predicted the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature.
A gifted contributor to the exploration of the human mind, they first came to prominence for work on the therapeutic value of leucotomy in certain psychoses.
Their poetic productions faithfully reflect the natural scenery and native spirit of their homeland.
Their fruitful career has been long taken up in the study of neutrinos, the lighter cousins of electrons, although other noted interests include bee keeping and orange squash.
Known to colleagues for their elaborate pranks at work, the light hearted veneer masks a brilliant and elucidated mind searching for the ultimate cosmic joke.
This skilled communicator has a powerful capacity to quickly and effectively disseminate any piece of private information. They are also known as the office gossip.
This office marathon runner revels in the rat race, their main goal in life to leave colleagues far behind.
This philosophical heavyweight is so adept at appropriating time and occupying space, that they have officially been named 'intellectual fat cat' of the year. 
Butter wouldn't melt in the mouth of this angel faced prodigy. Anything else melts though, as they are secretly a pyromaniac.
The most recent work from this glittering member of the intelligentsia is a visual metaphor for themes including truth, beauty, and the bohemian value of bangles.
Working on a consultancy basis, this social inspirator helps the underprivileged youth of today reach their full potential - for a very large fee. 
Whilst other see this intellectual darlings's work as a chaos theory for the twenty-first century, they have a sneaking suspicion it's all just codswallop. 
This unrelenting optimist has made a successful career from making lemonade out of the lemons life has given them - and selling it at a healthy profit. 