Having spent the last seven years in a damp basement carrying out secretive experiments for an unknown organisation, this degenerate boffin is now nearing the end of their basement tenure. They are currently on the look out for projects that will make them seem equally mysterious.
Having spent many years browsing the web at work, their D.N.A has fused with javascript, creating mutant hacker cells that ward off pesky viruses. They haven't had a sick day in eight years.
Even as a child, this seraphic exemplar went out of their way to save others from calamities, even if it meant pushing them into the pond in the first place. Their virtuous deeds have continued into adulthood, and they are soon to be sanctified as a saint in the Church of Goody Two Shoes.
No doubt their achievements with asymptotic freedom in the theory of the strong interaction are familiar to all of us, but it is their most recent triumph, involving giant magnetoresistance that is worthy of the highest praise.
Their latest work examines the parallels between office gossip and water-cooler talk - also known as the study of evolutionary relatedness among groups. They essentially view language as a culturally transmitted replicator with many of the same properties found in genes.
Having been at the corporate pile for so long, they have long since thrown off the pretense of work and now put their corner office to real use as a mini-golf course. This is a risky business, and many balls have been lost to disgruntled secretaries hit in the cross fire. If they don't want to be hit in the knees, they should get out of the way.
Having made a career out of bluffing their way through office meetings, they are now proficient in eighteen dialects of pseudo speak. Able to take to the floor in any situation, their charismatic retort leaves colleagues satisfied, inspired, and not really sure of what went on in there.
The parents of this early developer first saw signs of potential when, age three, they constructed an entire cathedral out of toilet rolls. They have since perfected the art of creating religious buildings in this medium, though family members are now beginning to wonder when they will move onto new pursuits - the cardboard masterpieces mean no one has been able to use the living room since 1993.
Blogging takes up most of their spare time. With an uncanny knack for knowing what people want to read when they are supposed to be doing something else, they have single handedly increase procrastination in the work place by 39%. New writing efforts include Bizness Katz; Women Eating Lettuce and Smiling; Interesting Asymmetrical Shapes; and Kim Jong Il Looking At Things Part Seven.
One of their biggest aims in life has been to become the God Father (Grand Daddy would also suffice) to some of the precocious young startups taking the business world by storm. Their main tactic for outsmarting the competition is to threaten them in a variety of Italian accents.
A highly energetic individual, their corporate vendetta is to bring outdoor adventure to the boardroom. Morning meetings are taken in the form of an aerobics class, and it is now complusory to actually run on a tea run. Monkey bars are soon to be installed across the office ceilings, saving on office floor space.
Everyone remembers this once much acclaimed writer for their very first book, but not much else. They have spent the remainder of their career trying to recapturing the genius of their youth, before conceding defeat and earning megabucks as a consultant with a 'smile, nod and change the subject' inducing job title.
A deep thinker, they have recently set up the Church of Thoughtism. This Church believes in allowing the very best brains on the planet to concentrate on the thinking. Less cerebrally gifted beings are left to more earthly pursuit of 'doing things' - namely the washing up.
Ever wondered what philosophers do for a living? This busybody certainly does. They have made it their life's work to butt in on the important murmurings of the deepest of thinkers; asking irritating and irrelevant questions such as 'why do you need to know how many angels can stand on the head of a pin?' and 'rather than talking about world poverty, why don't you just do something?'.
Undeniably attractive by academic standards, they have made thousands from posting videos of themselves on youtube explaining difficult concepts in a sexy voice. The learning experiment has been a resounding success, with the national I.Q average raising 4 points since the series started.
Their smooth talking means they have made big bucks from consulting to the consultant's consultants. Being a consultant cubed brings obvious benefits - their salary is also paid to the power of three. They spend their hard earned funds on private jets and 'teach yourself alchemy' textbooks.
As a self confessed sun worshipper, this jet-setter follows the sun from job to job. They stipulate being able to work in direct sunlight in every contract, with clauses also dedicated cloudy days and shadows.
An otherwise unassuming character, their only bone to pick is with office mug thieves. They suffered at the hands of these villains just a few months ago, when their favourite mug was sequestered. They have since set up traps in every office cupboard, in the hope of catching the culprit red-handed - or quite possibly no-handed - very soon.
Having always hated the intellectual arena, their cerebral faculties are the bane of their existence, thwarting every attempt to leave the industry. Their formidable capacity for original thought instead finds them helplessly falling into prestigious job after prestigious job. As a consolation, they spend their spare time savouring the joy of mindless pursuits - tabloid newspapers and television soaps being the ultimate indulgences.
This unashamed narcissist revels in showing off their sculpted physique and athletic prowess at every opportunity. Favourite activities include wearing tight shirts, and gracefully pirouetting from their desk to the water cooler and back again.
An avid collector of weeds, they recently took a year off to walk the length of the Yangtze, studying the indigenous vegetation. Three new families of flora were discovered on this voyage. These were recently published in the World Book of Botanics under 'Weed', 'Weedier', and 'Weediest'.
A successful career seemingly not enough, they also recently opened a bookshop, containing only the many many volumes of their unpublished autobiography. They soon hope to franchise the bookstore to other writers equally desperate to spill their life stories.